Enable definition of a `final type` for the nodes in the mappings. (#115)
oncodash/ontoweaver: README.md

final node type to which the source and target nodes will be converted. For example:

```yaml
row:
    map:
        column: SOURCE
        to_subject: source # Subtype of protein.
        final_type: protein # The final type of the node.

transformers:
    - map:
        column: TARGET
        to_object: target # Subtype of protein.
        via_relation: protein_protein_interaction
        final_type: protein # The final type of the node.
        
    # Properties of for the node type 'source'
    - map:
        column: SOURCE_PROPERTY
        to_property: genesymbol # Give name of the property.
        for_object: source # Node type to which the property will be linked.
    # Properties of for the node type 'target'
    - map:
        column: TARGET_PROPERTY
        to_property: genesymbol
        for_object: target # Node type to which the property will be linked.

```

Notice how in this way, we avoid mapping the `source` properties to the `target` node types, and instead map then to the source node type.
The vice-versa is also true, we avoid mapping the `target` properties to the `source` node types, and instead map them to the target node type.

> This way, were it not for the `final_type: protein` clause, the `source` and `target` nodes would have been created with
> their own respective segregated properties. Notice that there would be two types of the node `A` created, one with the `source_1` 
> property, and the type of the node being `source`, and the other with the `target_1` property, and the type of the node being `target`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without the `final_type: protein` clause, the `source` and `target` nodes would have been created with
all the mapped properties, because by default, OntoWeaver attach properties to all nodes of the _type_.
```

> However, with the `final_type: protein` clause, the `source` and `target` nodes are converted to their supertype `protein` on-the-fly, 
> and the mapping results in the creation of three nodes: `A`, `B`, and `C`, all holding the type `protein`.
> Node `A` will have, following reconciliation (for more information see the `Information Fusion` section), the properties 
> `source_1` and `target_2`, node `B` will have the property `target_1`, and node `C` will have the property `source_2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, with the `final_type: protein` clause, the `source` and `target` nodes are converted to the same `protein` type, at the very end of the mapping, after the properties have been attached to the nodes.
The mapping thus results in the creation of three nodes: `A`, `B`, and `C`, all having the type `protein`.

Note that node `A`  have now been instantiated twice, with different properties attached to each instance.
However, the expected result would be to have a single instance, with all the properties combined.
To solve this kind of issue, OntoWeaver provides a "reconciliation" feature, that can be called after the mapping, onto the list of nodes.  For more information see the `Information Fusion` section.
```
